How comfortable would I feel answering questions like those of the assessments in job interviews? I'd say that for most of the questions I was asked for the assessments, I would have been pretty comfortable answering in an interview. However, there were some questions that I had to do a bit of review before answering them. I think they did help more than regular tests or quizzes, because it better shows how much or how fully you understand a subject.
What tool do I think will be the most beneficial for me? The most beneficial tool for me will probably be eslint. eslint catches syntax errors in your code, which I think would be very helpful, because sometimes small hard to find errors can break your code.
What are the differences between the Waterfall and Agile methods? Using the Waterfall method, the steps of creating a site, analyzing, designing, coding, then testing, is done seperately, none being worked on until the previous is finished. Therefore, there is no working site until the whole site is completely finished. Using the Agile method, you would start with the very basics of the website using the same steps: analyzing, designing, coding, then testing. After the very basics are completed, you would add the other improvements and features to your site, each time using the same steps for each addition to the site. For example, If Jody and I had used the waterfall method for the tic-tac-toe game, we would have analyzed all the requirements we had to do. Then we would have designed the site until it was what we wanted. Then we would have written the code to make everything function. Then we would have tested the code and fixed any errors. If we would have used this method, and run out of time, we would have had a very nice looking site that would be very buggy and incomplete, due to all the time being cut out off of the testing phase, or maybe even the coding phase. Instead, we used the Agile method; first, we made an outline of all the requirements we had to complete for the project (analysis). Then we made a basic tic-tac-toe grid (design). Then we made so that an "X" or "O" appeared on the square that was clicked (code), and tested it. This was a functioning tic-tac-toe game, but it was very basic and could have used some improvements. So, we added another feature that showed when the game was over, and then another to show who's turn it was, and then another to restart the game with a button. Each of these added features required each of the four steps, and after each addition the site was fully functional. If we had run out of time, because we were using the Agile method, the site would have been simpler, rather than incomplete.