What will be the most difficult aspect of developing a project in a larger team? In a larger team, I think the hardest part of developing a project would be merging the different pieces of code and resolving all the conflicts that might come up between different branches. This probably wouldn't be quite as much of an issue in smaller development teams, but it seems like organizing code with larger teams would be quite a bit of work.
What are branches and remotes? Every repository has a main branch which contains the projects code. When a new branch is made, it is basically a copy of the branch it diverged from. On this new branch, you can make experimental changes to the code without affecting the main branch, using commits to keep track of the changes. Once the code in this branch is working properly with your changes, you can merge it into the branch that it diverged from, or directly into the main branch. A remote is what enables developers to work together on the same project. With remotes, you can create local copies of the remotes with `git pull` or `git fetch`. This way, you can make changes to the code, and then either push the code to the remote, or create a pull request for your commits.
Which git workflow did I employ for the collaborative projects this week? I used the Forking workflow, because I wanted to create a copy of the original code and make changes to it without changing the original code at all. I did this because it was someone else's project, and therefore I shouldn't be able to make changes to the original, but instead make changes to my copy, and propose those changes to the "branch manager" with a pull request.