What am I looking forward to the most in the next section? I really like working on larger projects, because when you work on larger projects, instead of doing a different project every week, you work on different parts and pieces of a project, and gradually make them work together to create something much more complex. Also, I think it will be great to really get a feel of what it's like working as a professional, and to know somewhat what a programming career would look like.
What is event propogation and bubbling? When an event happens on an element, the event propogates from the body to the innermost element on which the event happened on. While the event is propogating inward, only the elements that "capture" events are triggered. After that, the event propogates outward again, triggering every element from the innermost element, to the body. This last phase is called bubbling. When an event happens on an element, that event also happens on the element's parent elements. For example, if there is an image element inside an anchor element, when the image is clicked, the anchor also gets clicked, because the image is inside the anchor. If an event handler that is triggered by the `click` event is added to the body, a `click` event on any of the body's child element's will trigger that event handler. The event happens on the innermost element that it is focusing on first, and then propogates outward through the element's parent, grandparent, etc.
One commonly used type of event is the `KeyboardEvent`. One of the properties of `KeyboardEvent` is `key`. This property contains the string value of the key that was pressed. Another property of `KeyboardEvent` is `repeat`. This property contains a boolean value that is true while the `KeyboardEvent` is being repeated. Another type of event is the `TouchEvent`. One of the `TouchEvent` properties is `touches`. This property contains a list of all the places on the screen that are being touched. Another `TouchEvent` property is `targetTouches`. this property contains a list of all the places on the screen that are being touched, and also started on the target element.